@c Variables: java-cdr255 The cdr255 Java Library The Java Programming Language
\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename java-cdr255.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle The cdr255 Java Library Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2022 Christopher Rodriguez

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory The Java Programming Language
@direntry
* The cdr255 Java Library: (java-cdr255).   
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title The cdr255 Java Library Manual
@author Christopher Rodriguez

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top The cdr255 Java Library

This document describes The cdr255 Java Library version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction::                Why the cdr255 Java Library?

* Concept Index::               Concepts Used, and Where.
* Programming Index::           Functions, Variables, Etc.

* Procedure Types::             Data, Calculations, and Actions.
* GNU FDL::                     The License for this Manual.

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Introduction
@c add other sections with subsections as above.

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction, Concept Index, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

The purpose of this library is to make it easier to quickly prototype
programs in the Java programming language. It is a "user library" of sorts,
with modules added as they are needed.

It was started when the author began doing regular coding challenges using
Java with their mentor. Certain aspects of the challenges were repetitive and
not within the scope of the challenge, so it was silly to spend so much time
on reimplementing them over and over again.

The hope is that this library is useful for the beginning of projects. Most
of the modules in here contain functions that are "close enough" to general,
but should probably be rewritten for each project if it is a longer-term,
wider-scope project.

@menu

@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Concept Index, Programming Index, Introduction, Top
@chapter Concept Index
@printindex cp

@c *********************************************************************
@node Programming Index, Procedure Types, Concept Index, Top
@chapter Programming Index
@syncodeindex tp fn
@syncodeindex vr fn
@printindex fn

@c *********************************************************************
@node Procedure Types, GNU FDL, Programming Index, Top
@cindex Procedure Types
@include procedure-types.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@node GNU FDL, , Procedure Types, Top
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@cindex license, GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@bye
